ACTIVITY 4
Create a text file with a minimum  of three field with 5 record
Example:
    Ana,12,Female
    Bing,14,Female
    Cathy,16,Female
    Dolly,13,Female
    Eric,14,Male

Using the file manipulation, your task is to store the  record in the three link list.
Create the following menu in your program
Add Record to First
Add Record to Last 
Remove First Record
Remove Last Record
Display All Record
Display Specific Record
Edit  Record

If the user  select Add Record to First, prompt  the user to input data in the  field and add the inputted data to the beginning of the list. Update  the content of the text file
If the user  select Add Record to Last , prompt  the user to input data in  field and add the inputted data to the end of the list. Update  the content of the text file
If the user  select Remove First Record , remove the first record in the linked list and update  the content of the text file
If the user  select Remove Last  Record , remove the last record in the linked list and update  the content of the text file
If the user  select Display All Record, display the content of linked list using the for each loop
If the user  select Display Specific Record, ask the user to what record to display. Be able to check inputted number is within the range of the linked list size
If the user  select Edit Record, ask the user to input the record what to be edited Input the new data for the field and update the content of the text file. Be able to check inputted number is within the range of the linked list size display the content of linked list using the for each loop
Use different control structure and methods to accomplish this activity.a
Submit your files on a PDF format in your activity folder. The filename must be SURNAME-LINKLIST.pdf (Example: MARQUEZ-LINKLIST.pdf). Wrong filename will be treated as invalid and will not be checked.
The content of your pdf are the  following 
Source Code with a comment as an explanation of your code. Use your own word in explaining your code. An AI generated explanation is not acceptable
An output of every menu selected by the user including the file content of every menu. It is expected that you must have a seven output 
The following condition will be use in checking your activity
Duplicate code will be treated as invalid conditions. Your code will be compare to all the code of your classmate. Any similarity of your code will be treated as invalid submission and will get a score of zero. 
Any code generated by AI will be checked  via AI code detector.  An AI code generated code  will be treated as invalid submission.